QUESTION: What is Git?
Git is a repository hosting service.
Git is a Version control System for tracking changes in files and coordinating work on those files among multiple people. We can use Git to keep track of changes in any set of files 
QUESTION: What is the difference between SVN and Git?
1. SVN is a Centralized Revision Control System(CVCS) and Git is a Distributed Revision Control System (DVCS). 
2. Git is much faster than SVN.
3. SVN is easier to use than Git
QUESTION: Write a command to commit your work in Git
For your first commit: git commit -m "first commit"
command for commit :git commit
QUESTION: Create a repository with your name with unique roll number in GitHub?

QUESTION: What is "staging area" or "index" in Git?
The git "index" is where you place files you want committed to the git repository. Before you "commit" files to the git repository, you need to first place the files in the git "index".
QUESTION: What are the advantages of using Git?
1. Recall and revert the entire project back to its previous state
2. Compare code changes over specific durations of time
3. Find who last modified a piece of code that might be causing an issue or a problem
4. We can hide our work if we want by making it private
5. They are fast and consume very little space
6. Branching and merging are easy
7. It is free to use
QUESTION: What is Git Clone?
Cloning a git repository means that you create a local copy of the code provided by developer.If we clone someones repository we will get their codes and the benefit of cloning is that when ever they make changes in their repository we will automatically get their repository copy.
QUESTION: What is the command to delete branch?
Remote Branch: $ git push origin --delete <branch>
Local Branch: $ git branch --delete <branch>
QUESTION: Explain the architecture of Git in your own words?
The 3-Tree Architecture.
VCS works by having two places to store things:
1. Working Copy
2. Staging
3. Repository
If we called Git a 3-Tree Architecture it revolve around working copy to staging by add then from staging to repository by commit and repository to working copy by checkout.
QUESTION: How to Resolve Conflicts in Git? 
1. Open git bash 
2. Open Local Git Repository 
3. Generate a list of files that are affected by the merge conflict
4. Then open your merged code in any editor 
5. Then you can delete the changes last person have done or can see the history of changes have done in past and you can also edit the changes
6. Then you can add or stage your changes
7. Then Commit your changes with a comment 
QUESTION: Name the different vendors that are working on VCS?

